if you have trouble listening well some strategies that you can do is
get out of your own head you effective communication there's a difference
between a conversation and communication no communication is being
able to actually sit and listen to what the other person is saying
without being in your own head trying to figure out what you're
going to say next because then you're gonna miss certain things that
that person is telling you so one step and you can do is if you find
yourself when somebody's talking but you're in your own head trying
to figure out how you're going to continue to keep the conversation
going or what you're gonna try and say next just stop stop trying
to clear your mind and listen to what the person saying and also just
be honest a lot of times when waiting to get past your own personal
flaws is to let other people know that you have those flaws you can
tell that individual you know what I'm sorry I was half listening
to what you're saying if you wouldn't mind could you please repeat it
so that I can I can hear you a little bit better and we can continue
this conversation in this communication in a better light